In this video, we're going to make sure that the common service watches for the event of comment moderated.
We're going to make sure that we take some information about the comment that was just moderated and
update our local definition of that comment.
So the status should go from pending to either approved or rejected.
Now, once again, I just want to remind you that understanding the different properties that are inside
of each of these events is super critical.
So I took a little bit of time just to kind of document out exactly what's going on right now with the
comment moderated event comment moderated has an ID, content post ID and status and status is going
to be either approved or rejected.
It's going to be emitted from the moderation service and we're going to receive it inside of comments.
So let's open up comments right now and make sure we receive this event and use that updated status
field.
So I'm going to open up my common directory.
I'll find index dogs.
Inside of here.
I'll go down to the post request handler we had already put together to handle incoming events.
I'm going to pull off the type and data properties once again from rec body.
Well then say if type is equal to.
Comment moderated.
Then we want to handle this thing in some way.
So the first thing I do inside of here is pull out the comment that we already have stored inside of
our data structure of comments by post ID.
So we need to find the appropriate comment that we've already stored inside of here and update its status
property.
So let's get the post ID.
Well, this pull all the different properties out of data because we're probably going have to use each
of these very shortly.
So I'll pull out the ID, post ID and status.
So post ID, ID and status from data.
Well, then get all of our different comments.
That are associated with that post ID will say comments is.
Comments by post ID at post ID.
We then need to iterate through this array of comments and find the appropriate comment inside there
or the one that we actually want to update.
Let's say Colin's comment is.
Comments.
Find out.
And then we're going to try to find a comment.
With an ID equal to.
The ID from the event.
So this right here is the comment that we need to update.
So we'll take that comment and we're going to update it status to be the status that we just pulled
out of the event as well.
And that should be it.
And we don't have to actually insert this thing back into the comments of rain or anything like that,
because the object is the same object in memory.
It's the same object inside the array.
We essentially just don't have to insert it back into the array or anything like that.
So we've now updated status.
So now the next thing we need to do is tell every other service inside our application that this update
just occurred.
That's going to be where we attempt to emit content updated.
So we're going to send out an updated.
That's going to go over to our bus.
And once again, we're going to make sure we receive that over inside the query service.
Let's also take a look at some documentation on comment updated just so we really understand the different
properties that need to be inside there.
So common update.
It needs to have the ID of the comment, the content, the post ID and status as well.
And at this point, status should be either approved or rejected.
So let's put this event together and send it over to our event bus.
So let's say await Axios dot post.
Over to http local.
Host 4005.
The type of the event is going to be a comment updated.
And our data is going to be once again ID content, post ID and the updated status.
So ID we can use the shortened syntax here because we've already got ID post ID status and you what
the comment will be in there as well.
Or you can be content.
So take the ID.
The updated status, the post ID that this comment is associated with and the content as well.
Now I'm using the syntax right here, so I'm going to make sure that I mark the enclosing function as
async.
And that should be it.
Now the last thing we need to do is open up our query service and just make sure that we receive comment
updated.
So another quick pause.
We'll take care of that in just a moment.